very tough situation especially well you
guys know why correct how hard was that
push it looking back on the I mean like
he really you know what do you feel
anything now when I wasn't that you
didn't feel that was the first one or
even the second or third one of course
the white said that he didn't help you
and he doesn't serve you said you were
you were talking to Jason and shaking
your head but that the last one was an
intentional hit but
no it wasn't attached what do they have
a happen you can't culture it's very
hard choice you can cut yourself there
you know like a game like people
screaming at your teammates you know
referees tried to get in the middle so
in a situation where you're doing things
like without thinking how do you think
how do you think you think you still got
the bodies in here you know game first
the first came up with seven just you
own the game on the road so from yes to
this game you might think that yeah you
know it sounds like a great players and
professional same Jason council you know
we definitely excited for the most game
with moisture for gamers came forward
they show that moment you guys but you
had against the Celtics in Kevin Garnett
this is another example of not backing
down
Hawks have some tough guys
I love my something I love about this
game and I'm out there to play wisely
no no fight but if you counsel the
situation one thing notice I'm never
gonna pick help from anybody
no and again it's not something I'm
trying to you know fighters showed you
something truly something
Jesus Michael right there on the field
you suspect me like that I'm picking it
up
I'm up there did what happened
I know a very bad thing but you know
everybody has his own personality so
it's my personality as I what did you
think of the the crowd reaction eyes you
were going off the core so embrace that
love yeah so you like oh they shave you
know for the fans first folks is showing
now yes it is Jamie I was afraid it was
same I will say that we get against the
postal service couple years ago you know
well I missed it and we miss the
district team you know they helped us
shrimp you know so I would appreciate
because you know it feels so good when
somebody has a begging especially
talking about 20,000 people that's a big
memory appreciate for all defense and
supporting but I mean do you feel like
they embrace your role because they
really chant it I mean as you going up a
little fucked up
searching for you and - bring your name
and somebody twenty thousand people he's
a bad come on